com/TextbookAnswers/BookAdapter.java
 com.textbookanswers.BookAdapter
 com.textbookanswers.BookAdapter$BookViewHolder
 com.textbookanswers.BookAdapter$OnBookClick
com/TextbookAnswers/SectionDao.java
 com.textbookanswers.SectionDao
com/TextbookAnswers/BookTitleDialog.java
 com.textbookanswers.BookTitleDialog
 com.textbookanswers.BookTitleDialog$1
com/TextbookAnswers/ChapterAdapter.java
 com.textbookanswers.ChapterAdapter
 com.textbookanswers.ChapterAdapter$ChapterViewHolder
 com.textbookanswers.ChapterAdapter$OnChapterClick
com/TextbookAnswers/Chapter.java
 com.textbookanswers.Chapter
com/TextbookAnswers/BookDatabase.java
 com.textbookanswers.BookDatabase
com/TextbookAnswers/Exercise.java
 com.textbookanswers.Exercise
com/TextbookAnswers/ChapterDao.java
 com.textbookanswers.ChapterDao
com/TextbookAnswers/Properties.java
 com.textbookanswers.Properties
com/TextbookAnswers/ExerciseDao.java
 com.textbookanswers.ExerciseDao
com/TextbookAnswers/ExerciseDatabase.java
 com.textbookanswers.ExerciseDatabase
com/TextbookAnswers/ExercisesActivity.java
 com.textbookanswers.ExercisesActivity
com/TextbookAnswers/Section.java
 com.textbookanswers.Section
com/TextbookAnswers/BookDao.java
 com.textbookanswers.BookDao
com/TextbookAnswers/ExerciseAdapter.java
 com.textbookanswers.ExerciseAdapter
 com.textbookanswers.ExerciseAdapter$ExerciseViewHolder
 com.textbookanswers.ExerciseAdapter$OnExerciseClick
com/TextbookAnswers/Book.java
 com.textbookanswers.Book
com/TextbookAnswers/ChapterDatabase.java
 com.textbookanswers.ChapterDatabase
com/TextbookAnswers/ChaptersActivity.java
 com.textbookanswers.ChaptersActivity
com/TextbookAnswers/MainActivity.java
 com.textbookanswers.MainActivity
com/TextbookAnswers/SectionActivity.java
 com.textbookanswers.SectionActivity
com/textbookanswers/BuildConfig.java
 com.textbookanswers.BuildConfig
com/TextbookAnswers/SectionAdapter.java
 com.textbookanswers.SectionAdapter
 com.textbookanswers.SectionAdapter$OnSectionClick
 com.textbookanswers.SectionAdapter$SectionViewHolder
com/TextbookAnswers/SectionDatabase.java
 com.textbookanswers.SectionDatabase
com/TextbookAnswers/AnswerActivity.java
 com.textbookanswers.AnswerActivity
